To start the game you choose your characters sprite, and you enter in a
name for yourself.

You wake up in a prison cell, you can see some other prisoners around
in the other cells. You don't remember anything about who you are or
why you're in prison.

They slowly start getting taken away one by one and then dragged back
all bloodied up and bruised and knocked out.

You're starting to get worried about what will happend when they come
for you.

As they take the prisoner in the cell next to yours he struggles or something
and the action manages to shake loose a brick in your cell's wall.

Behind the brick is a note that says: "If you're reading this, you are the
choosen one. Use this key, and meet me at {city name here}, to the East!"

(Maybe you're not actually a big chosen one style hero, just some rando
 that by chance got put in the wrong cell. And the guy you go to meet is
 blind and sickly so they don't realize that you're not the right dude, and
 they die right after giving you magical powers.)

There is a key wrapped up in the note.

You use the key to open your cell while the guards are away torturing
another prisoner. In the opposite direction from where the guards took
the other prisoners (torture chamber) is the exit to your cell block.

Outside of your cell block you start having to do stealth stuff to make
your way out of several levels of the prison.

We should have multiple exits to the prison just to make it feel more
like a real world. Maybe you get some goodies for exploring more of the
prison and taking a specific exit.

Prison should have about 3 levels.

This generator might be good for inspiration.
https://donjon.bin.sh/fantasy/dungeon/

The prison is in a little town (exits at different parts of the town) and
you can get more information about where the city you should go to is
and where the meeting place is. (Maybe some wanted posters and stuff.)

On the posters, maybe they are of the actual real hero but you just happen
to have like, the same hair color and eyes but the nose is wrong or
something.

The city you go to next to meet the blind dude is about 3x the size of the little
prison village. (Very roughly).

Once you escape the prison the world should open up to you and you can go wherever
you want, of course you'll probably die.

Maybe to help if you forget what you should be doing you can talk to an old fortune
teller lady and she'll say some vague junk about the next thing, like in Zeldor.

Maybe you could have a journal that just says some stuff about how pretty you are.
Or at least something about the last thing ya did to remind yourself.
